9x45ww.Pkst
road.798r

road.23 py pass

aws pass
79L6T.tw247

Write the correct form of the verbs in the correct tenses: Past, Prsesent or Future: Will
meet 	travel 	go 	stay 	see
marry 	sleep 	buy 	earn 	steal

01. Where did they go? They to the amusement park

02. Jenny sometimes her grandmom every Sunday

03. You always in front of the TV

04. My parents  to New York the next summer

05. Tom at home on Mondays.

06. Tomorrow my mother  some milk to prepare a cake 

07. We fell in love and we in 2012ç

08. My father  a lot of money last month

09. Susan always goes to the park to the birds

10. What do you think If your brother your money?
2

Complete with "used to" and a suitable verb for each sentence:
have 	play 	visit 	love 	go 
live 	make 	be 	travel 	drink

01. I jnow this town well. We here a lot when I was younger

02. Youswimming. Why don't you like it now?

03. You dad is fantastic at football, Did he a lot?

04. Our town good sports

05. She sounds American, Did she in the USA?

06. He speaks Spanish very weel because he to university in Paris

07. I interested in flims, 

08. My mum dinner every night, but now my dad cooks at the weekend

09. My grand parents abroad at all, but these days, they visit other cities in our country

10. I alcohol but I don't drink it now.
3

-> Conditional 1

Complete with the correct form of the verbs in brackets, Use future will in the result

    If I  (have) time, I  (finish) that letter.
    Nobody  (notice) if you  (make) a mistake.
    If you  (drop) that glass, it (break).
    If you  (not leave), I(call) the police.
    I (be) mad if Sally (be) late again.

 

-> Conditional 0

Complete with the correct form of the verbs in brackets.

    When you (heat) ice, it (melt)
    If you (freeze) water, it (become) a solid.
    Plants (die) if they  (not get) enough water.
    If public transport (be) efficient, people (stop) using their cars.
    If you (throw) a coin into water, it (sink)


#conditional zero
1. I always eat breakfast before I go to work.
2. You never miss your morning run.
3. He always drinks coffee in the morning.
4. She never forgets to call her mother on Sundays.
5. It always rains in April.
6. We usually have pizza on Fridays.
7. They always go to bed early.


·conditional future
1. If I have time, I will go for a walk.
2. If you study hard, you will pass the exam.
3. If he arrives on time, we will catch the train
4. If she saves enough money, she will buy a car.
5. If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
6. If we find the keys, we will go out.
7. If they finish their work on time, they will get a bonus.


    If I were more money, I would travel the world.
    If I were english fluently, I would move to New York.
     
    
    If he eats too much, he will feel sick.
    If the store is open, we can buy some groceries.